 Hello friends, welcome to Gets Versions This video is about half-man coding and this video is not going to all the components of half-man coding which are your competitive exams even your copy of this university exam will be very beneficial so if you like this video, please like and subscribe to this channel and please press the bell button so that you get all the latest notifications So, start with half-man coding the first important point is it is a greedy technique and we use this to encode data to compress data Actually, I am using data encode, data compression how we do it half-man coding, why we use this I am going to explain all these points to simple exams So, here we have an example a message M which is connected to 100 characters Now, we have 100 characters with us with a score of 1.0 A, B, C, D, E, F and we have a frequency that is A, B, C, D, F, E, F, C and we have a frequency so how many characters will you do in total 100 Now, what we have to do is encode I mean, I have to digitize the formula of 0 and 1 and obviously, the computer system is in the digital form even if I have to communicate I mean, if I have to send someone and obviously, I will do it in the library and convert it into encoding So, here the basic coding technique is that is sky encoding Now, in sky encoding the range that we have is 0 to 127 I mean, total is 128 characters and I mean, I am representing 127 numbers in binary how many bits do I use? 7 bits How do you find out? In maximum range in this full range, maximum is what is the element? 127 and 127 is what is it? 111111 I mean, 7 times 1 So, what will be 0? 7 times 0 So, here if I want to represent 1 then how many bits do I have to represent 1? 7, B for B, C for D, D for D How many bits do I have to represent 7? I mean, to represent 1 character to represent 1 character, A for A, to represent anyone if 7 is a bit like then to represent 100 characters 700 bits will not be total So, I mean, 700 bits of total I mean, to represent this full range in digital form Let's talk about setting technique Now, we are talking about half-pain coding You will be clear from this example what is the benefit of half-pain coding? Let's say, if we know that there is a 6 character in this message A, B, C, D, E, 6 characters, I mean, 6 types of characters So, here I can represent it 1, 0, 0, 0, B, 0, 0, 1 C, 0, 1, 0, D, 0, 1, 1 E, 0, 0, 0, F, 0, 1 Because if I know in the message that there is a 6 type of alpha then I can represent it in 3-3 bits Because I have a motive here to identify each alpha unique identity So, we have represented it uniquely So, to represent 1, to represent each one I have to represent it in 3-3 bits So, if I represent 1 character to represent 3 bits then I will represent 100 characters to represent it in 3-100 bits I will get a conclusion here So, if I get a conclusion in 3-100 bits then your message will be an code So, we have done this comparatively But now, half-pain coding Half-pain coding is that this bits are more you have to represent it in a minimum way So, how do half-pain coding All the frequencies that you have given are the minimum variables in the total frequency you have to get them So, what are the minimum variables? First of all, we have F So, we have F colloquially How many F? Two F and E and here E is how many? E is the number of F and E First of all, we have to get 2 minimum codes So, we have to get 50, 10, 13, 7, 8, 8 So, we have to get 2 minimums F and E So, we have to get these two frequencies Now, we have to do this Now, if I combine these two I mean, how many total characters will be there? Obviously, F will be there Here, you have to use a simple formula that the smaller element on the left side keep larger or bigger elements on the right side Now, see How do we get 2 minimum variables 2 and 3 and combine them and it is done Fine Now, you have to get this file in this list I mean, add them in all these characters and add them in this list and then take 2 minimums Now, see How will these two be there? Now, see, the remaining remaining 4 between these 4 between 5 and 5 and obviously, the most minimum is 2 These two are file One file is already written so, we will get D here If both of them are there then you can write on the left side you can write in the right but if one of them is a pattern then you will get the benefit So, here, we have to get D So, the first one was represented by the file If I match these two and combine these two then my total characters will be 10 characters Now, what do you do with this 10? Let me represent them This is 5, and this is 5, So, out of 50, 10, 30, 10 which is the minimum 10, which is already written and the second 10 is B So, B is equal so, I will give B here 10 So, how much total is there? Here, 20 So, what we are doing is we are writing here If we write 20, we write again out of 50, 30, and 20 which is the minimum 20 and 30 20 is already written 30, here, 30 See, the element is bigger than 20 So, on the right side, we have given C that is 30 So, what we have done with these two If we merge, what will be the total? 50 elements are there Now, next term, we have added 50 So, all the elements are already consumed, which is the remaining 50 and 50 are already written Let us write here So, we have written here How many are there? 50 So, the final part of these two are how many total factors are there? 100 factors are there Let us write here So, let us write here This is the half-man tree or we can write it as a graph Now, we have to do the half-man tree I will also write here Do you want to do the left-hand side That is, the left tree Let it be zero Let it be one number The left edge is zero Let it be one number Zero One Let it be zero Let it be one number Let us talk about this note Let it be zero One You can't put it on the right But, you have to follow the same pattern So, whatever you want to do You can solve the same problem in your university in your exam So, as we have represented the left Zero and the right are represented What is the first thing you have To represent one You will get so much bit and what is the coding use here? So, look Start the root note The root note is 100 You will get so much bit Only one of the two is zero Value is zero or 100 from 100 to A This whole edge This whole distance is zero Let it be Be the reach Be the reach From the top, zero Distance zero Let it be written here See, the reach is zero For the reach For the reach For the reach Next, D How will you reach here? You will get 500 Zero Zero This is the reach Zero Now, you will get this For reach Zero Zero Zero Now, you will get the first question To represent one Which coding use? B, C, D, E, F And see, all the codes here are different And here, what is the second thing you have to do? To represent one How much bit is a bit? How much value is that bit? Zero But how much is a bit? So, 50 into 1 Next, B is 10 How much is total? Total bit is 13 So, 30 Next, C C is 13 So, 30 into C is 20 So, 60 Next, D How much is our cost? 5 into 4 Don't convert it in decimal This is the value of the value To represent D, you can use 1, 0, 1, 0, code But, how much is total? So, 5 into 4 How much is this? E is 3, 3 into How much is the value of E? So, 15 And, how much is F? 2 into How much is the value of this? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 So, total is 10 So, this time, total is 80 140 160 So, this time, total is 85 So, total is 10 So, total is 10 So, first of all, we have 750 300 180 So, what is the logic? The number of bits is the most So, we have written the first one So, we can represent it in the number of bits And, the number of bits The most common is E and F So, we have represented it in the number of bits And then, we have represented it more So, the number of bits will be less than the number of bits So, the number of bits will go from 0 to 10 The other thing is that For representing each character How much is it in the box? How many bits in here? Average bits Average bits Required to represent Each character So, you know that تو دیکھو آپ کی طوٹل آپ کی بٹس کی تنی لگی 185 و آپ کی بس طوٹل قریکٹرس کی تنی ہے طوٹل قریکٹرس ہے 100 اس کوشن میں تو یہ نہیں حلسر آپ کا کیایا 1.85 bits per character یہ 포인ٹ بھی آپ سے پوسرتے ہیں جیسے آپیں دیکھو سیمپل سے مطلب ہے طوٹل بٹس آپ کی لگی تھی 700 قریکٹرس کی تنی ہے 100 تو یہ نہیں 7 bits per character یہاں پیل کریں تھے تو وہی ہم نے آپ کی کیا تھا کیوں کہ بس ٹائی قوڑ میں برکہ 7 بھی لکتے ہیں لیکن یہاں پہ ہمارے 7 یا اگر یہاں پیک کی طرح سورایا ہتی ہیں بھی آپ کی طرح سورایا ہتی ہیں تو 3 بیٹ پر کراکٹر یہاں پہ لگی لیکن یہاں پہ دیکھو سیمپل سے 1.85 bits per character لگی ہے کہ یہ ممنی ممنگرہ بیٹس رکوائیٹ تو ریپرزنٹا حول میسے تو یہاں پہ بینیفٹ کیا ملا اباگر آپ دیٹا کو قمپرس کر رہوں تو بس ہی آپ کم نمبرہ بیٹس میں دیٹا کو ریپرزنٹ کر رہوں تو 스톸ری جاب کا افیشنٹ ویسے یو دیلائزوں کا 2.0 اگر آپ دیٹا کو TRANSMIT کر رہوں دیٹا کو TRANSMIT کر رہے ہمیں بتا کی TRANSMITION TINE کیا ہوتا ہے MASSAGE DIVAIR BYED BYED BAND MASSAGE کا سائز DivAIR BYED BAND اگر آپ یہ پورا message کر رہوں گے 710 bits 710 bits DivAIR BYED جو بھی Band BIT میں لی آئے گی لیکن اس کس میں کی آئی 185 DivAIR BYED BAND تو دیگر TRANSMITION TINE دیگر آپ پروشنٹ کر رہوں گے MASSAGE SINE یا یہاں گا آپ کا message جو ہے وہ بڑا ہو گا بہتا ہے کہ TRANSMITION TINE کی آپ کا جادہ لگے گا اگر آپ کا message کام ہو گا تو TRANSMITION TINE کام ہو گا تو بسی ہم چاہتے گی کام TRANSMITION TINE بہمارہ لگے تو یا یہاں آپ HALFMAN NCODIR وات پورے message کو COARD کر دو یا یہاں آپ کو HALFMAN NCODIR THINKY