 Hello, wachch today is a very simple thing to talk about. That s is equal to u t plus half u t square in s, what is the distance of your displacement? And if the displacement is, then why is the distance not there? Today we will give you a small proof of this. And a question is, how can you be even conservative? It is said that s is displacement. But you can give any proof of this. You can give it a question. There is a bird. And this bird is in the sky. And the velocity of this bird is T minus 2. So, the distance of the bird is a little bit, let us see. So, it is a little bit, okay? So, the velocity of the bird is T minus 2. So, you are changing your speed. If you keep one time, then the velocity will be minus 1. If you keep one time, then the velocity will be minus 2. If you keep two times, then the velocity will be zero. Your speed is the time of change. It is a very easy bird. Okay? Okay? So, the speed of the velocity is nothing. Like I told you that when the time is zero, then you will say it is T minus 2. I said it is time 1, then you will say it is time 2. So, you will say it is time 0. I said it is time 3. So, you will say it is time 1. And if it is time 4, then it is time 2. Okay? So, the velocity is changing with the time. The first minus 2 was T minus 1, then zero was gone. Then 1 was gone and then 2 was gone. Okay? So, I should feel a little bit. Let us see. But, you see, the bird is not a cockroach. Let us see the cockroach. Now, ask me about the distance covered. Tell me. Now, tell me the distance covered by this Chidia. In 0 to 4 seconds. I said, the distance is gone. What is the distance? The distance is gone. The distance is gone. Okay? The distance is gone. Okay? The velocity is gone. This formula must be studied by Integral VDT. My video will be studied somewhere else. I will be in the displace. The one that comes out is the cantigale VDT. I will do VDT. Very nice. Where to do VDT? The distance covered is 0 to 4 seconds. I said 0 to 4 is going to integrate. So, T minus 2 DT or 0 to 4. I said, Chidia is going to integrate. Okay? So, T minus 2. So, T integration will be by T square by 2. No problem. And minus 2, 2 integration will be by T minus 2 T. Where to do VDT? From 0 to 4. Okay? Now, if we go to TG, first we will put 4. Then, we will put TG. So, we will put 4. So, I said, 4 square by 2. Then, I said, 2 into 4. Okay? Let us do this. First, where TA is going to be 4. Then, minus, I said, where TA is going to be 0. So, 0 square by 2 minus 2 into 0. Okay? Okay? So, by 2, this is 8 minus 2 4 is 8 and the answer is 0. So, Chidia's distance is 0. So, what can happen? What can happen? Chidia minus 2 is, minus 2 means, at the back of the foot, 2 meter per second is from the back of the foot. Then, minus 1 meter per second is from the back of the foot. So, it is a little dark. Then, 0, then again. Then, plus 1 meter per second. Means, it is going to be up to the foot. Plus 1. And then, plus 2 meter per second. Means, it is going to be up to the foot. Plus 2. Chidia is going to be, first, the foot is minus 2. Then, the foot is minus 1. Then, it is coming from the back of the foot. Plus 1, then it is coming from the back of the foot. So, it is going to be up to the foot. So, it is 0. Now, what is the S? Displacement. It is clear. The equation of motion is used in the S. It is displacement. Now, the point is 0. Where is the distance? Chidia is going to be, the foot is also coming. The distance is 0. The distance is the next cover, both the foot and the leg are gone. How much displacement is 0? Okay, understood? What is the story of the foot? Chidia is going back, then, it is coming. It is coming back. So, the S is 0 and what is the S? Displacement. So, this proof is, what is the S? Displacement. Okay, now, proof is, it is going to be fun. This is a question of the big, which you can prove clearly. It is said that, in such equal stringentical beauty, if the distance was 0, there was no chance. So, the answer came, it is mixed. The answer is, how much is it? 0 is it? Integrated, I put BTT. Okay? T integration, T square by 2, 2 integration, 2T. Okay, now, if the answer is something else, then we believe that this distance is, so, the answer is 0, it is a lot of time displacement. So, the proof is, the question of the distance is, what is the difference? We have to take out the distance. Now, how to take out the answer? So, the point is, the displacement is 0, so, how to take out the distance? So, the answer will be, if the distance is 0, then we will take out the distance. And, we will double it. The point is, we will double it. If the distance is 0, then we will double it. If the distance is 0, then we will answer the question. So, we will take it from 0, and we will double it from 2 seconds. See, because, the speed of 2 seconds is, 0, we will double it from 2 seconds. So, we will double it from 0 to 2, if I take out the displacement, this is equal stringentical beauty, where to say, 0 to 2? So, we will integrate it from, then, T minus 2, DT, where to say, 0 to 2? The integration will be, T square by 2, minus 2T. Where to say, integration is 0 to 2, right? So, first, T will be 2, then, 2 square by 2, minus 2 into 2. If, minus T will be 0, then, 0 square by 2, minus 2 into 0. Okay? So, 2 square by 2, 4 by 2, 2 will be 2, minus 2, 2 is 4, 4 will be 4, or is 0? So, minus 2 is the displacement. So, first, in 2 seconds, it is so, it is minus 2, it is so, it is minus 2. Then, how much is it, it is so, first, how much is it, minus 2, then, how much is it, plus 2. So, we can say, it is so, it is so, it is so, it is so, it is minus 2. So, this is the proof that, S is equal to U T plus half A T square, which is the equation of the motion, which is S, it is not the displacement of the distance. If we have to take the distance, we have to take the distance. So, I said, it is 0 to 4, 0 to 4. So, I have break it from 0 to 2. Now, it is also the displacement, it is the distance, it is the displacement, then, it is the negative sign. Distance can never be negative. It is also the displacement. Now, it is minus 2, now, if you take 2 to 4, then it will be 2. Where is 2 to 4, now, it is the next. You take 2 to 4, you take the low, plus 2, now, it is the next. I have waited for it, double it, you are not able to believe it, you can see, you can see, you take 2 to 4, you can change the limit here, 2 to 4. Okay. 0 to 2, you can see, you can see, 4 to 4 by 2, minus 2 into 4, then, minus 2 to 2, 2 square by 2, minus 2 into 2. Okay. So, 4 square, sola by 2, minus 8, minus 2 square, 4 by 2, 2 minus 2, 2 is the 4, 0, minus 2 minus 4 minus 2, minus 2, and minus minus, look, plus 2, plus 2. In 2 to 4, plus 2, this is the question, which is clear, that, the distance of displacement, if you see, that, the velocity is 0 and the sine is changing. Look, t minus 2, and the distance is, 4 to 0, and the distance of the velocity is changing. If you ask the distance, then, you take that point, where the velocity is 0. And then, if you put it in the integration, okay? So, this time, go and check it out.