 DS students, welcome to Greatsmashers. Today's video is going to explain topological sorting which is called topological ordering. So whenever we talk about the graph-based algorithm in your graph data structure, which algorithm is important to you, your combative exams and especially your placements' point of view, then in those three algorithms, the most asked is BFS, DFS and topological sorting or topological ordering. So, as many placements as you talk about the exam, then you can talk about the interviews. So, in those three algorithms, the most asked is the graph-based one. So, let's start. I will tell you with the example, about this, how to work in this action. So, first of all, if we talk about topological sorting, it is a linear ordering of graph vertices such that for every directed edge uv from vertex u to v comes before v. That is, u comes before v in the ordering. Look, you may not be clear from this line. But, the simple thing is that whenever we talk about graph, then in graph, let's say, from this way, graph is given and there is an edge of uv. That is, u comes from v. So, whenever we write its order, whenever we write its sorting, then remember that in that order, u always needs to be used before v. That's the simple thing. And, this is always applicable. When we use a direct a-cyclic graph, look, if I make this as a g, or in any direction, then you can go from v to v, v can go from u, then in this case, you cannot say that u should be first, v should be first, there is no first, but when we make a direct, direct, then I am clearly that v is dependent on u. That is, you can say that u should be first complete, if you talk about task, then this task is also a task. So, this means that u should be finished first, then you can v. That is, you will go to second year when you completed your first year. Kind of, you can understand this. And, the second, the direct, you know, that direction. But, what is the a-cyclic graph? If you have taken a graph, and you have made a cycle from that, then if you have not taken a direct, then you are clear. But from that, I will make a direction here, but from this direction, from that, you have made a cycle. See, how this cycle is made? Now, this cycle is also made, how can you start from here? So, you will feel that u is also coming here, but if you start from this way, then you will know that u is coming from the other way. So, that is, here, the further the cycle is made, so, that is, the direction is needed, and this cycle should be graph, then this topological sorting is done. Then, it is a linear time complexity algorithm. Simple algorithm is linear time, order of v plus e, as much as the vertex, as much as the edges, as they both have to total, that is the simple thing. Then topological sorting is not unique. Unique means, if you have given this graph, then a sorting order will be made, or else, you can also make multiple of it. This is the theory part. Now, you will come to the main concept, let's say, I have a graph here, and you are clearly seeing that this is also directed, and this is a cycle, so, there is no one in this, you are going from here, you cannot come back, if I make this edge like this, then this cycle is made, but, this is not a cycle, so, this is not a cycle, and you see, in this, my topological order is written, B A DC, B A DC. Now, you see, here, you are clearly seeing, there are two sets, let's say, B A is taken, now, what is this, u, what is this, v? Now, you are clearly seeing, according to the definition, that u should be first, v, then it should be, then, look, v is first, this is the first, this is the first, because, how is this edge going, now, you should take any set, B or D, so, in B and D, look, B is coming first, B is coming first, B is coming first, B is coming later, so, this is absolutely fine, look, D is coming first, C is coming later, so, yes, this is the edge B, so, this is a valid topological order, then, A B CD, now, look, A B CD, now, this is the circle, here, A C is not here, B C A is here, but, you see, B is written here, that is, the one that was my youth, this was V, it was V before, U is coming later, so, this is not your valider, now, look, that is the unique, non-unique value, so, you know, B, A, D, C is a peak valid topological sorting, but, after B, I am going to A, can I go on D, yes, B can go on D, after B, then, you are going from C to C, and then, then, you are going from A to A, if you make an order like this, then, now, look, B D, so, look, B is first, D is the first, D C, D is the first, C is the second, according to the sequence, and A, look, A, A, A C D, A C D, so, here, look, D is the first, and A is the first, look, D is the first, and A is the first, but, A is the first, and D is the first, so, what is this, this is a wrong sequence, so, you have to check this way, that, your order is valid, now, we will write it in a way, how we actually write it, so, its multiple methods, you can use DFS, you can use BFS algorithm, you can use it in Khan's algorithm, but, first of all, the most important thing is, it is your DFS, depth first search, so, how we start it, in simple depth first, we have some notes, which are un-visted, now, it is all un-visted, so, you can start it, whatever is un-visted, so, let's start it from B, so, first of all, we will write DFS on B, okay, so, we have written this method, DFS on B, so, first of all, what is my V, what is V, what is V, it is a little twisted, so, I will write it as a twisted, or, let's say, I will simply take it as a twisted, it is twisted, now, where is the option to go to B, after B, I can go to A, so, after B, A, okay, what happens in DFS, until you get the path, you do not have to track the path, just go to D, go to D, then, after B, you can go to D, no problem, so, we went to A, after A, I went to D, so, after A, I went to D, there is another thing, C is also, E is also, you can go to C, and from the side, I went to C, you can go to C, but I went to C, I have to choose one, so, I go to this way, now, I will go to C, because after C, I have nothing to say, C is a dead end, C is a dead end, so, now, what you have to do, it is a simple story, when you reach the dead end, then, you put it in the stack, for a stack, we have, the size of the nodes, number of vertices, so, let's say C, the first stack, it is in the stack, okay, C, the first stack, the one that I have on the V, you put it on the table, A, it is my tick, D, and C, my V, I put it in the stack, so, C is a delete, we will go back, D, it is a back track, because, C is a dead end, so, C is a dead end, so, C is a dead end, so, D is my option, yes, it is an option, D is my E, I can go to E, I have an option, so, this is my V, now, E is not an option, so, E is not an option, or, this is an independent, this is not an independent, so, E is also my, I put it in the stack, so, E is my, I have an end, I have an end, I have a D, I have a D, I have another path, no, C was the same, I had two V, so, now, what happened to D, I have an end, so, D is my, I have a D, I have a D, I have a D, I have a D, I have a back track, there was an option, no, there was no option, so, A is a deleted, and I have a stack inside, because, this is also an independent, there is no dependency on it, so, after that, I have a B, when I got on B, then, there was a D, there was a D, but, D already, I have already been listed, I have already been listed, so, that is, there is no other path, so, my B, how did it become like this? So, let's see, if it is not a graph, if it is a vertex, then, just pop out the elements from the stack, and this is your root, or your order, but, now, we have an un-visted door, so, the DFS, that will be found, all the visted door, no, now, I have a G, so, I will run the DFS on G, from different, the DFS on G, from G, I can go from G to my other root, from G, I can go from F, so, I have run the F, from F, I can go from E, but, E already, my Visted, so, there is no other path, so, I have left the F, and I have run the F, because, there is no other path, this is also listed, this is also listed, I have been backtracked, G, so, the G is also finished, so, here, what is the only fit left, H? Now, from the second, in the loop, when I check, there is no other un-visted door, so, there is one more, H, so, the H, it is listed, and there was another path, F was already listed, so, finally, your H, is deleted, and, now, just remove the elements, when you remove them, then, what is your last in-first out, here, which was the last in- first, H, so, the first one is deleted, then, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, F, kavar karenge. اس se jada to kuchahi ni. To order of V plus E total number of vertex plus total number of edges. It ni time complexity a witchiza linear. Kuy ki do no me se, jo b jada hao ga. Aur jali edges jada hao tii hai, to order of E b bol sik te ho. Tii ki. Dho se ri agar baat kare space complexity ki to, ye to merko diya yuhay. Extra space me ni, ye stack liya. Aur is stack a size maximum kit nao asakta hai. Jit ne mere vertex hai. To order of V ju hai. Aur v ju hai, wo aapka extra space complexity a bol sik te ho. So this is all about that topological sorting using BGFS. Thank you.